So we might not be alone after all
-- she thought adjusting her binocular's focus
on a thin thread of smoke climbing
in a windless sky
                    She found the thread
in the unbroken fabric of the afternoon
followed it down to where it spooled around
a campfire surrounded by three sitting adults 
and two children running after each other

She hadn't seen anyone in -- her brow
furrowed in thought watching them eat and
lounge around the fire -- a long time
she finally decided was an accurate enough
measure for her own reckoning
                                (Who's
asking anyway?  She asked herself idly)

And in so thinking she lowered her binoculars
blinking in the sudden distance she swung
off her branch and down to the forest floor
where the smolders of her own fire waited
for the final scattering of their ashes

She kicked the dirt over them careful not
to get any in her boiled-clean water
She grabbed her pack from its hiding place
in the pit of the tree she'd climbed
She bent down to tighten her boots
                                   Poured
carefully the water from the pot into
the bladder she had with her
                                Swung the pack
over her shoulders feeling the familiar heft

And began her day's walk toward Florida

Below, in the clearing in the valley, where smoke curled
around the fire like rope stored on the deck of a ship
rocked by a gale, Jared ate the last of his oats from the
mess kit his grandfather had used as a Boy Scout.  As the
spoon scraped the bottom of the shallow metal bowl he pursed
his lips and thought about where they should go today or
what they should do.  The old highway followed the ridge
line south from here to the river where they might be able
to catch something, but on the other hand was probably
watched by somebody fishing for prey other than {trout} this
morning.  The children were too small to try climbing the
mountains to the east or west, and Jared didn't think much
of going backward, so north was out too.  He knew Sharon
would back him up in that even if Garth tried again to steer
them all back home, toward the known problems, no matter how
bad they were.

Let's head south today, he said to the middle-aged fire.
Garth looked up from his lap and sniffed, probably
considering whether to suggest heading back.  Instead he
said he'd get the tents down.  Sharon was watching the
children hiding from each other around a felled tree with
growth coming out of the top like a fence.  Did you hear me,
Jared said tentatively, like he didn't want to intrude on a
prayer.  Yes, she said and stood and walked toward the
children.

She got halfway between the fire and the log and called out,
What are yall doing over there?  Bill answered with a laugh
as he jumped up to grab the saplings growing out of the
trunk and pull himself through to land on Fran's back, who
had been looking at the wood ears near the ground but now
let out a grunt as she moved her hands to brace their fall,
landing hard on her elbows and hitting her head.  The event
startled Bill so badly he began to cry, and by the time Fran
pushed him off her so she could check the bump on her head,
Sharon had run to the trunk to swing him up in her arms to
begin soothing him.  She looked down at Fran rubbing her
forehead, frowned, and said You should be more careful
playing with him, he's too small for such rough-housing.
